Text addtions and fiddle (#728)
spatialos/gdk-for-unity: docs/content/get-started/upload-launch.md

<br/>
To launch your cloud deployment:

1\. First enter the parameters in the **Deployment Launcher** section of the Deployments window. Complete the settings as below:
<br/>

|Setting name|The setting you add|
|-----|------|
|**Assembly Name**| The name you gave the assembly in step 2 - for example; `myassembly`. <br/>(The name needs to conform to the following regex: `[a-zA-Z0-9_.-]{5,64}`.)|
|**Deployment Name**| A name of your choice - for example; `shootyshooty`. <br/>(The name needs to conform to the following regex: `[a-z0-9_]{2,32}`.)|
|**Snapshot File**|`snapshots/cloud.snapshot`<br/>Note that this is a relative path from the root of your SpatialOS project.|
|**Launch Config File** | `cloud_launch_large.json`<br/>Note that this is a relative path from the root of your SpatialOS project.|
|**Enable Simulated Players**| Ensure this is checked.|

> |**Override Name**| Leave this UNchecked.|

Reviewer: Is UN capitalised here for emphasis? I'd prefer to write it as "unchecked" unless we've got a reason for the capitalisation.

> |**Override Name**| Leave this UNchecked.|

Author: ```suggestion
|**Override Name**| Leave this unchecked.|
```

|**Deployment Name**<br/> (The second Deployment Name listed)| Do not edit this field.|
|**Launch Config File**<br/> (The second config listed)|`cloud_launch_large_sim_players.json`<br/>Note that this is a relative path from the root of your SpatialOS project.|

![]({{assetRoot}}assets/deployment-window.png)
<br/>_Example completed Deployments window_
<br/>
<br/>
2\. Now start your deployment: Select **Launch deployments**.

> **Note:** You will see that there are two Deployment Names and two Launch Config Files listed in the Deployment window; the first listed is your FPS Starter Project, the second is a deloyment for simulated players. You will enable the simulated players in later steps.

Author: I was in two minds about bolding the setting titles in here - I think probably not as it's information about them rather than "look at them" and we don't want to draw a lot of attention to this but it's a debatable.

I assumed you would "enable" the simulated players but maybe "find out more about" is more accurate?

> **Note:** You will see that there are two Deployment Names and two Launch Config Files listed in the Deployment window; the first listed is your FPS Starter Project, the second is a deloyment for simulated players. You will enable the simulated players in later steps.

Author: ```suggestion
**Note:** You will see that there are two **Deployment Names** and two **Launch Config Files** listed in the Deployment window; the first listed is your FPS Starter Project, the second is a deployment for simulated players. You will find out more about simulated players in later steps.
```

> **Note:** You will see that there are two **Deployment Names** and two **Launch Config Files** listed in the Deployment window; the first listed is your FPS Starter Project, the second is a deployment for simulated players. You will find out more about simulated players in later steps.

Author: ```suggestion
**Note:** You will see that there are two Deployment Names and two Launch Config Files listed in the Deployment window; the first listed is your FPS Starter Project, the second is a deployment for simulated players. You will find out more about simulated players in later steps.
```
